"Just because I cannot see it, doesn't mean I can't believe it!" — Jack Skellington
"For it is plain, as anyone can see. We're simply meant to be." — Jack and Sally
"There's only 365 days left until next Halloween!" — The Mayor
"I am the shadow on the moon at night, filling your dreams to the brim with fright." — Oogie Boogie
"Leave that no-account Oogie Boogie out of this!" — Jack Skellington
"I'm a master of fright, and a demon of light, and I'll scare you right out of your pants." — Jack Skellington
"No animal or man can scream like I can." — Jack Skellington
"What's this? What's this?" — Jack Skellington
"Well, well, well. What have we here?" — Oogie Boogie
"I might just spit a seam now if I don't die laughing first!" — Oogie Boogie
"The worst is just around the bend." — Sally
"Nothing's more suspicious than frog's breath!" — Dr. Finkelstein
"I had the most terrible vision." — Sally
"But it seems wrong to me. Very wrong." — Sally
"I am the Pumpkin King." — Jack Skellington
"Come with us and you will see, this, our town of Halloween" — Shadows
"I tromped through the pumpkin patch." — Mr. Hyde
"Say it once, say it twice, take a chance and roll the dice. Ride with the moon in the dead of night." — Witches
"That's twice this month you've slipped deadly nightshade into my tea and run off." — Dr. Finkelstein
"Nice work, Bone Daddy!" — Sax Player
"This is Halloween, everybody make a scene." — Ghosts
"I sense there's something in the wind. That feels like tragedy's at hand." — Sally
"Since I am dead I can take off my head to recite Shakespearean quotations." — Jack Skellington
"Did anyone think to dredge the lake?" — Mayor
"You’re jokin’, you’re jokin’! I can’t believe my ears! Would someone shut this fella up? I’m drowning in my tears!" — Oogie Boogie
"Everyone hail to the Pumpkin King." — Corpses
"This is Halloween, this is Halloween. Pumpkins scream in the dead of night."— Pumpkins
"I am the 'who' when you call, 'Who's there?'" — Ghoul
"Life's no fun without a good scare." — Child Trio
"Oh, there's an empty place in my bones, that calls out for something unknown." — Jack Skellington